---
layout: post
title: MyTestPost
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">18 Oct 2008 - San Francisco</p>

Probably after Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu and Aadhalal Kadhal Seiveer, Susienthiran has worked with newcomers for Genius. In fact, the director even shared the idea with actors Vijay, Allu Arjun and Jayam Ravi, who were quite impressed by the character. “A certain type of story cannot be told through stars. 40% of the film has a school portion, which none of the stars would agree to do. Since it’s sort of a quirky role, I felt casting a new face might do the trick and that’s how Roshan landed the role. Every actor I spoke to liked the character, but I couldn’t develop the script because I found it very difficult to write,” he says, adding that the film will appeal to youngsters.

Even though Susienthiran has collaborated with Yuvan Shankar Raja after a brief period, he believes that the camaraderie has been lost. “It continues to be a mystery till now. I couldn’t reach out to Yuvan after a point. It was the producer who brought him in for Genius. We later met and he gave us songs. But I still don’t feel comfortable around him. I even thought I shouldn’t have approached him.”

What briefing does the director give to his actors and technicians? “We did a lot of research to get the authenticities right in Jeeva and Aadhalal Kadhal Seiveer. When I heard about four youngsters who were involved in this horrific murder, which became Naan Mahaan Alla later, the description I gave for the climax scene was: four jackals hunting a lion. These are some of the improvisations we do on the sets.”

Susienthiran feels that issue-based cinema is meant for film festivals. His Azhagarsamiyin Kuthirai took him to global stage. However, he believes that there’s no point in making a film for the festive audience.“When a film talks about a grave social issue, it gets an unanimous reception at film festivals, where the number of audience is, say, 200. As a filmmaker, you want to reach a wider audience,” he says.
